Add example of `SMESolver.run_from_experiement` in the guide. (#2479)
qutip/qutip: doc/guide/dynamics/dynamics-stochastic.rst

Below, we solve the dynamics for an optical cavity at 0K whose output is monitored
using homodyne detection. The cavity decay rate is given by :math:`\kappa` and the
:math:`\Delta` is the cavity detuning with respect to the driving field.
The homodyne current :math:`J_x` is calculated using

.. math::
    :label: measurement_result

    J_x = \langle x \rangle + dW / dt,

where :math:`x` is the operator build from the ``sc_ops`` as

.. math::

    x_n = S_n + S_n^\dagger

> The results are available in ``result.measurements``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The results are available in ``result.measurement``.
```

    ax.set_xlabel('Time')
    ax.legend()

Run from known measurements
===========================

In situations where instead of running multiple trajectories, we want to reproduce a single trajectory from known noise or measurements obtained in lab.
In these cases, we can use :meth:`~qutip.solver.stochastic.SMESolver.run_from_experiment`.

Let use the measurement output ``J_x`` of the first trajectory of the previous simulation as the input to recompute a trajectory:

.. code-block::

    # Create a stochastic solver instance with the some Hamiltonian as the
    # previous evolution.
    solver = SMESolver(
        H, sc_ops=[np.sqrt(KAPPA) * a],
        options={"dt": 0.00125, "store_measurement": True,}
    )

    # Run the evolution, noise
    recreated_solution = solver.run_from_experiment(
        rho_0, tlist, stoc_solution.measurements[0],
        e_ops=[H],

>         # The third parameter is a measurement, not Gaussian noise

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # The third parameter is the measurement, not the Wiener increment
```
I find more easily understandable

        measurement=True,
    )

This will recompute the states, expectation values and wiener increments for that trajectory.

.. note::

>   The measurements in the result is computed from the state at the end of the time step.
>   However, when using ``run_from_experiment`` with measurement input, the state at the start of the time step is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The measurement in the result is by default computed from the state at the end of the time step.
  However, when using ``run_from_experiment`` with measurement input, the state at the start of the time step is used.
  To obtain the measurement at the start of the time step in the output of ``smesolve``, one may use the option ``{'store_measurement': 'start'}``.
```

For other examples on :func:`qutip.solver.stochastic.smesolve`, see the

> notebooks available at `QuTiP Tutorials page <https://qutip.org/tutorials.html>`_:
> 
> `heterodyne detection <https://nbviewer.org/urls/qutip.org/qutip-tutorials/tutorials-v5/time-evolution/015_smesolve-heterodyne.ipynb>`_,
> `inefficient detection <https://nbviewer.org/urls/qutip.org/qutip-tutorials/tutorials-v5/time-evolution/016_smesolve-inefficient-detection.ipynb>`_, and
> `feedback control <https://github.com/jrjohansson/reproduced-papers/blob/master/Reproduce-SIAM-JCO-46-445-2007-Mirrahimi.ipynb>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
notebooks available on the `QuTiP Tutorials page <https://qutip.org/tutorials.html>`_:

* `Heterodyne detection <https://nbviewer.org/urls/qutip.org/qutip-tutorials/tutorials-v5/time-evolution/015_smesolve-heterodyne.ipynb>`_
* `Inefficient detection <https://nbviewer.org/urls/qutip.org/qutip-tutorials/tutorials-v5/time-evolution/016_smesolve-inefficient-detection.ipynb>`_
* `Feedback control <https://github.com/jrjohansson/reproduced-papers/blob/master/Reproduce-SIAM-JCO-46-445-2007-Mirrahimi.ipynb>`_
```

Fixed the formatting a bit. Why are we linking to a notebook in an external repo?

Author: We had it in our tutorial even if it was not in our repo... It's no longer there so I will remove it.
